add documentation for workload mappings (#40)
servicebinding/website: application-operator.md

# Workload Resource Mapping

By default, an implementation assumes that it is projecting binding information
into workloads with a shape similar to `Deployment.apps` resources.  For
instance, it may assume that it can find volume information at
`.spec.template.spec.volumes`.

However, this assumption does not work with workloads of a different resource
shape, such as a CronJob.  To support these cases, you can use
`ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping.servicebinding.io` resources to inform the

> ServiceBinding controller how it can project information into these resources.

Author: Added in c2993ed.

## Resource Schema

`ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping` resources have the following shape:

```yaml
apiVersion: servicebinding.io/v1beta1
kind: ClusterWorkloadResourceMapping
metadata:
  name: # string (1)
spec:
  versions:         # []MappingTemplate (2)
  - version:        # string (3)
    annotations:    # string (Fixed JSONPath), optional (4)
    containers:     # []MappingContainer, optional (5)
    - path:         # string (JSONPath) (6)
      name:         # string (Fixed JSONPath), optional (7)
      env:          # string (Fixed JSONPath), optional (8)
      volumeMounts: # string (Fixed JSONPath), optional (9)
    volumes:        # string (Fixed JSONPath), optional (10)
```

Some notes:

1. These resources need to be named after the plural name of the resource.  For
   instance, to define mappings for `CronJob` resources, the mapping needs to

>    be named `cronjobs.batch`.

Author: Added in c2993ed.

2. Entries in this array define the resource version that this template maps

>    to.  This lets one mapping support multiple resource versions.

Author: Added in c2993ed.

3. The version here must either match a version exactly (e.g. `v1alpha1`) or

>    can be `*` to match all versions that don't have an exact match.

Author: Added in c2993ed.

4. Some fields in the mapping must conform to what the spec calls a "Fixed
   JSONPath".  This is a JSONPath, but restricted to dot (".") and array access
   ("foo['bar']") operators.  For more information, please refer to [the
   spec](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#fixed-jsonpath).

   This field indicates where annotations for the generated pod might be found.
   Defaults to `.spec.template.metadata.annotations`.
5. Entries in this array define where containers might be found.  This lets a
   single version refer to multiple container fields, such as containers and

>    init containers.

Author: Added in c2993ed.

6. Defines the root of where container information may be found.

> 7. Indicates the name of the container.  Defaults to `.name`.

Reviewer: The spec does not define a default value for name, unlike env and volumeMounts.

```suggestion
7. Indicates the name of the container.  If not specified, selective binding to containers by name is not supported for this mapping.
```

https://github.com/servicebinding/runtime/blob/main/apis/v1beta1/clusterworkloadresourcemapping_webhook.go#L133-L136

Author: Good catch!  Fixed in c2993ed.

8. Indicates where environment variables can be set in the container.  Defaults to `.env`.
9. Indicates where volume mount information can be set in the container.  Defaults to `.volumeMounts`.  

> 10. Indicates where volumes can be specified for the generated pod.  Corresponds to the volumes field in pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Indicates where volumes can be specified for the generated pod.  Defaults to `.spec.template.spec.volumes`.
```

Author: Added in c2993ed.
